add AGENTS.md (#49861)
elastic/beats: AGENTS.md

### libbeat (shared framework)

All beats build on `libbeat/`, which provides:
- `beat/` — `Beater` interface (Run/Stop), `Beat` struct, `Pipeline`/`Client` for event publishing
- `outputs/` — Output plugins (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kafka, Redis, etc.)
- `processors/` — Event processing pipeline
- `publisher/` — Internal publishing pipeline
- `cmd/` — Shared CLI infrastructure and beat instance bootstrapping
- `autodiscover/` — Dynamic service discovery (Docker, Kubernetes)
- `management/` — Elastic Agent management integration
- `statestore/` — Persistent state

### x-pack

`x-pack/` contains Elastic-licensed extensions for each beat and x-pack-only beats. Each `x-pack/{beat}` extends the corresponding OSS beat with additional modules, inputs, or features.

### Licensing Boundary

OSS code (Apache 2.0) **cannot** import from `x-pack/` or `elastic-agent-client`. This is enforced by `depguard` in `.golangci.yml`. X-pack code can import OSS code freely.

## Code Rules

- Logging: accept `*logp.Logger` as a parameter. For tests prefer `logptest`

> - Use `github.com/stretchr/testify` in tests — always add a message explaining the failure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `github.com/stretchr/testify` in tests — add a message explaining the failure when useful. Use assert by default, require only when you actually need to interrupt the test.
```

- Use `github.com/gofrs/uuid/v5`
- **Don't call `paths.Resolve` / `paths.InitPaths`** — use a per-beat `*paths.Path` instance
- **Don't use `math/rand`** — use `math/rand/v2`
- **goimports** uses local prefix `github.com/elastic` (imports grouped: stdlib, external, elastic)

## Code Formatting

```bash
mage fmt  # from root: runs goimports + python autopep8 + license headers
```

- Go: goimports with `github.com/elastic` local prefix
- Python: autopep8, max line length 120

> - License headers: ASL2 for OSS code, Elastic for x-pack (applied by `go-licenser`)

Reviewer: `mage fmt` is already in the doc. The agent can find out more if it wants too but it's not useful by default to know the details.
```suggestion
```
